1	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Paris?
2	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in France?
3	Which question topics are most common at passport control in France?
4	In which country are the most documents requested?
5	In which city in France is a return ticket requested most often?
6	How often are fingerprints taken when entering France?
7	What documents are checked at passport control and what questions are asked in Paris?
8	Which documents are checked in Paris, but not in Nice?
9	Which documents are checked for travelers who were asked about cash amount in France?
10	Which question topics are asked of travelers whose visa was checked in France?
11	Show document checks and question topics for the same encounters in Paris.
12	Which documents are checked and which biometric modalities are used in France?
13	Which question topics and biometric modalities are used in France?
14	Which biometric modalities are used at passport control in France?
15	Which question topics are asked at passport control in France?
16	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Nice?
17	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Germany?
18	In which city in France are the most documents requested?
19	In which country are the fewest documents requested?
20	In which country is hotel booking requested most often?
21	In which country is a return ticket requested most often?
22	In which country are people most often asked about money?
23	Which question topics are most common at passport control in Germany?
24	How often are fingerprints taken when entering Germany?
25	Which airport do people most often fly into in France?
26	Which city is the most popular entry point into France?
27	In which country do travellers most often pass through passport control with no questions asked?
28	Where is passport control usually just a passport check?
29	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Nice?
30	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Lyon?
31	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Marseille?
32	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Toulouse?
33	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Berlin?
34	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Munich?
35	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Frankfurt?
36	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Dusseldorf?
37	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Stuttgart?
38	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Rome?
39	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Milan?
40	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Venice?
41	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Bologna?
42	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Bari?
43	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Barcelona?
44	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Malaga?
45	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Madrid?
46	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Las Palmas?
47	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Seville?
48	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Italy?
49	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Spain?
50	In which city in Germany are the most documents requested?
51	Which question topics are most common at passport control in Italy?
52	Which question topics are most common at passport control in Spain?
53	How often are fingerprints taken when entering Spain?
54	How often are fingerprints taken when entering Italy?
55	Which airport do people most often fly into in Italy?
56	Which airport do people most often fly into in Germany?
57	Which airport do people most often fly into in Spain?
58	Which city is the most popular entry point into Germany?
59	Which city is the most popular entry point into Italy?
60	Which city is the most popular entry point into Spain?
61	Through which country do travelers most often pass with 'no questions'?
62	Which is more common in Germany: a request to show cash or a card?
63	Which is more common in Italy: a request to show cash or a card?
64	In which city in Italy are the most documents requested?
65	In which city in Spain are the most documents requested?
66	In which city in France is hotel booking requested most often?
67	In which city in Germany is hotel booking requested most often?
68	In which city in Italy is hotel booking requested most often?
69	In which city in Spain is hotel booking requested most often?
70	In which city in Germany is a return ticket requested most often?
71	In which city in Italy is a return ticket requested most often?
72	In which city in Spain is a return ticket requested most often?
73	In which country are people most often requested to show hotel booking?
74	In which city in France are people most often requested to show hotel booking?
75	In which city in Germany are people most often requested to show accommodation booking?
76	In which city in Italy are people most often requested to show hotel booking?
77	In which city in Spain are people most often requested to show hotel booking?
78	In which country are people most often asked about money?
79	In which city in France are people most often asked about money?
80	In which city in Germany are people most often asked about money?
81	In which city in Spain are people most often asked about money?
82	In which city in Italy are people most often asked about money?
83	Where is passport control most often limited to only the passport?
84	Which is more common in France: a request to show cash or a card?
85	Which is more common in Spain: a request to show cash or a card?
86	In which country are visas requested most often at passport control?
87	In which city in Germany are hotel bookings requested most often?
88	In which airport in France are return tickets requested most often?
89	In which country are travelers most often asked about visit duration?
90	In which country are fingerprints checked most often at passport control?
91	In which city in Italy is face photo capture used most often?
92	Which country has the highest number of encounters with no questions asked?
93	In which country is passport-only control (no questions, only foreign passport) most common?
94	Which country has the highest number of document checks per encounter?
95	Which city in Italy has the highest number of question topics per encounter?
96	Which city in Germany has more encounters with visa checks than with return ticket checks?
97	What documents are checked and what question topics are asked in Madrid?
98	Which documents are checked in Rome but not in Barcelona?
99	Which documents are checked for travelers who were asked about visit_purpose in Spain?
100	Which question topics are asked for travelers whose documents include return_ticket in France?
101	Show document checks and biometric modalities for the same encounters in Germany.
