2	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Nice?
3	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Lyon?
4	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Marseille?
5	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Toulouse?
6	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Berlin?
7	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Munich?
8	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Frankfurt?
9	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Dusseldorf?
10	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Stuttgart?
11	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Rome?
12	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Milan?
13	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Venice?
14	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Bologna?
15	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Bari?
16	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Barcelona?
17	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Malaga?
18	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Madrid?
19	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Las Palmas?
20	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Seville?
22	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Germany?
23	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Italy?
24	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Spain?
25	In which country are the most documents requested?
27	In which city in Germany are the most documents requested?
30	In which country are the fewest documents requested?
32	In which city in Germany are the fewest documents requested?
61	Which question topics are most common at passport control in Germany?
62	Which question topics are most common at passport control in Italy?
63	Which question topics are most common at passport control in Spain?
65	How often are fingerprints taken when entering Spain?
66	How often are fingerprints taken when entering Italy?
68	How often are there additional checks in Germany?
70	How often are there additional checks in Italy?
71	How often are there additional checks in Spain?
73	Which airport do people most often fly into in Italy?
74	Which airport do people most often fly into in Germany?
75	Which airport do people most often fly into in Spain?
77	Which city is the most popular entry point into Germany?
78	Which city is the most popular entry point into Italy?
79	Which city is the most popular entry point into Spain?
81	Through which country do travelers most often pass with 'no questions'?
83	Which is more common in Germany: a request to show cash or a card?
85	Which is more common in Italy: a request to show cash or a card?
86	Which is more common in Spain: a request to show cash or a card?
