1	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Paris?
2	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Nice?
3	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Lyon?
4	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Marseille?
5	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Toulouse?
6	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Berlin?
7	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Munich?
8	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Frankfurt?
9	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Dusseldorf?
10	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Stuttgart?
11	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Rome?
12	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Milan?
13	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Venice?
14	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Bologna?
15	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Bari?
16	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Barcelona?
17	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Malaga?
18	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Madrid?
19	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Las Palmas?
20	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Seville?
21	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in France?
22	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Germany?
23	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Italy?
24	Which documents do I need to bring to passport control in Spain?
25	In which country are the most documents requested?
26	In which city in France are the most documents requested?
27	In which city in Germany are the most documents requested?
28	In which city in Italy are the most documents requested?
29	In which city in Spain are the most documents requested?
30	In which country are the fewest documents requested?
31	In which city in France are the fewest documents requested?
32	In which city in Germany are the fewest documents requested?
33	In which city in Spain are the fewest documents requested?
34	In which city in Italy are the fewest documents requested?
35	In which country is accommodation booking requested most often?
36	In which city in France is accommodation booking requested most often?
37	In which city in Germany is accommodation booking requested most often?
38	In which city in Italy is accommodation booking requested most often?
39	In which city in Spain is accommodation booking requested most often?
40	In which country is a return ticket requested most often?
41	In which city in France is a return ticket requested most often?
42	In which city in Germany is a return ticket requested most often?
43	In which city in Italy is a return ticket requested most often?
44	In which city in Spain is a return ticket requested most often?
45	In which country is a return ticket requested most often?
46	In which city in France is a return ticket requested most often?
47	In which city in Germany is a return ticket requested most often?
48	In which city in Italy is a return ticket requested most often?
49	In which city in Spain is a return ticket requested most often?
50	In which country are people most often asked to show accommodation booking?
51	In which city in France are people most often asked to show accommodation booking?
52	In which city in Germany are people most often asked to show accommodation booking?
53	In which city in Italy are people most often asked to show accommodation booking?
54	In which city in Spain are people most often asked to show accommodation booking?
55	In which country are people most often asked about finances / proof of funds?
56	In which city in France are people most often asked about finances / proof of funds?
57	In which city in Germany are people most often asked about finances / proof of funds?
58	In which city in Spain are people most often asked about finances / proof of funds?
59	In which city in Italy are people most often asked about finances / proof of funds?
60	Which question topics are most common at passport control in France?
61	Which question topics are most common at passport control in Germany?
62	Which question topics are most common at passport control in Italy?
63	Which question topics are most common at passport control in Spain?
64	How often are fingerprints taken when entering Germany?
65	How often are fingerprints taken when entering Spain?
66	How often are fingerprints taken when entering Italy?
67	How often are fingerprints taken when entering France?
68	How often are there additional checks in Germany?
69	How often are there additional checks in France?
70	How often are there additional checks in Italy?
71	How often are there additional checks in Spain?
72	Which airport do people most often fly into in France?
73	Which airport do people most often fly into in Italy?
74	Which airport do people most often fly into in Germany?
75	Which airport do people most often fly into in Spain?
76	Which city is the most popular entry point into France?
77	Which city is the most popular entry point into Germany?
78	Which city is the most popular entry point into Italy?
79	Which city is the most popular entry point into Spain?
80	Where is it currently easiest to pass passport control in the EU?
81	Through which country do travelers most often pass with 'no questions'?
82	Where is passport control most often limited to just the passport?
83	Which is more common in Germany: a request to show cash or a card?
84	Which is more common in France: a request to show cash or a card?
85	Which is more common in Italy: a request to show cash or a card?
86	Which is more common in Spain: a request to show cash or a card?
87	What documents are checked at passport control and what questions are asked in Paris? 
